This morning I spent some time planning because I had some big changes that I needed to make, which Is why I dont have much for commit history until a little bit later in the morning.  That and my dog got stung by a bee so I had to run and get him benadryl.  Anyways, excuses aside, As I've learned more about how to use React and how Redux works I realized that I hadn't really thought much about the hows of what all of my plans were, so I had a little bit of scaling back to do.  I spent last week and a few days this week trying to get a little bit of experience with Native, but my big focus was on Redux and because of that I didn't get to a place with Native where I feel comfortable using it on this project.  Because of that I decided I needed to make my project in React insead of React Native, which meant that I needed to do some re-planning because initially I had planned everything to be an app.  I changed a little bit of the component structure so that it would make more sense as a webpage, then after I got that stuff figured out I got started on the static version of my webpage.

The premise of my project is still the same, but instead of it being an app that keeps track of your information as a user, it just will receive a persons input each time they visit the site, and then it will do calculations with that information to display the same information that I was going to display in the app version.  I left most of the styling and layout structures that same, similar colors and lots of boxes still, but I had to change it to be responsive in a way that would work on a desktop.

My component tree shows where I plan to store state and where I think that it will be passed around and used.  The red represents components that will receive application state from the store, and the blue component is just local state to toggle my welcome screen and a form.  My application state will start by being added to the store from the NewSmokerForm component and I will pass that state down from there to the components where it will be used.

Sorry this is such a long thing to have to read but I felt like there were  couple of things I should point out.  My plan is to work this weekend so that I can show up on monday with a full statis site and start hammering out the rest of the details.   There is an image in the src/assets/images folder of my component tree that is titled "componenttree".
